settings.py separated into development and production (#5)
it-muslim/QuranWords: README.md

## Development
- Clone project

> - Create *.env* from the example files in the root folder and edit as appropriate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create *.env* from the example files in the root folder and edit it appropriately
```

 su postgres
 psql

## Production
- Follow the first 2 steps outlined above
- Run `docker-compose -f docker-compose.prod.yml up --build -d`
- Run `docker-compose -f docker-compose.prod.yml run web python3 manage.py migrate`
- Run `docker-compose -f docker-compose.prod.yml run web python3 manage.py collectstatic`

> - Visit website

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Visit the website
```

 su postgres
 psql

### Run without docker

> - `python manage.py runserver --settings=config.settings.development.py`

Reviewer: Instead of providing `--settings` which is pretty tedious, I suggest to update `manage.py` as follows:
```python
import os
import sys

if __name__ == "__main__":
    DJANGO_EXECUTION_ENVIRONMENT = os.getenv("DJANGO_EXECUTION_ENVIRONMENT", "DEVELOPMENT")
    if DJANGO_EXECUTION_ENVIRONMENT == "DEVELOPMENT":
        os.environ.setdefault("DJANGO_SETTINGS_MODULE", "config.settings.development")
    if DJANGO_EXECUTION_ENVIRONMENT == "PRODUCTION":
        os.environ.setdefault("DJANGO_SETTINGS_MODULE", "config.settings.production")
    from django.core.management import execute_from_command_line

    execute_from_command_line(sys.argv)
```

- to migrate database changes
  `python manage.py  migrate --settings=config.settings.development.py`

## Production
- Follow the first 2 steps outlined above
- Run `docker-compose -f docker-compose.prod.yml up --build -d`
- Run `docker-compose -f docker-compose.prod.yml run web python3 manage.py migrate`
- Run `docker-compose -f docker-compose.prod.yml run web python3 manage.py collectstatic`
- Visit website

> ### Run without docker

Reviewer: Why did you repeat it twice?
